chore: add the new policy.json review process documentation and config (#29383)
MetaMask/metamask-extension: docs/lavamoat-policy-review-process.md

# LavaMoat Policy Review process in metamask-extension

When there's a need to change policy (because of new or updated packages that require a different set of capabilities), please follow these steps:

> In the initial soft-launch of the process the approval from policy reviewers is not mandatory, but it will be in the near future.

### Engineer on the dev team:

>    1. Notice the `validate-lavamoat-policy-*` circleci job fail because dependency updates or changes need a policy update.

Reviewer: We recently migrated this check to GitHub Actions, and the name changed slightly:
```suggestion
   1. Notice the `Validate lavamoat policy*` PR status check fail because dependency updates or changes need a policy update.
```

   2. (optional) Generate an updated policy and give it a cursory look in local development whenever you’re testing the change.
      - If you're confident your update is complete, you can push it to the PR branch.
   3. To generate a complete set of new policies, call `metamaskbot` for help:
       - put `@metamaskbot update-policies` in a comment on the PR. When it produces changes, they need to be reviewed. The following steps assume update-policies produced changes.
      - *Note the response from the bot points to instructions on how to review the policy for your convenience. https://lavamoat.github.io/guides/policy-diff/*
   4. Analyze the diff of policy.json and use the understanding of the codebase and change being made to decide whether the capabilities added make sense in that context. Leave a comment listing any doubts you have with brief explanations or if everything is in order \- saying so and explaining why the most powerful capabilities are there (like access to child_process.exec in node or network access in the browser)

>       *Remember the Security Reviewer comes with more security expertise but less intimate knowledge of the codebase and the change you’ve built, so you are the most qualified to know whether the dependency needs the powers detected by   LavaMoat or not.*

Reviewer: Nit: Accidental extra spaces?
```suggestion
      *Remember the Security Reviewer comes with more security expertise but less intimate knowledge of the codebase and the change you’ve built, so you are the most qualified to know whether the dependency needs the powers detected by LavaMoat or not.*
```
